Notes on Data Management

Throughout the client's use of the online tool they will interact with
three types of JS objects.

The Student Object
The Student object keeps track of student personal information.

The Class Object
The Class Object keeps track of class information.

The Schedule Object
The Schedule Object keeps track of a list of semesters



Along with these three simple datatypes there is also a Restrictions object
which details the criteria by which a Schedule Object must be made. That is,
the Schedule Object encapsulates a Student Object, multiple Class Objects, and
a Restrictions object.

The Restrictions Object
The Restrictions Object details the certain restrictions a student must meet
based off their specific Pathway. For example, the IGETC details restrictions
on how many Math Classes must be taken by the last semester of community college
and how many credits must be fulfilled by that time for transfer to UCs.


Thus, for development, MakeMyFuture must be able to generate the Student Object
from the Form class, the Class Objects from a repository and stored in the the
IGETCTable class, the Restrictions Object from the Student selected pathway,
and the Schedule Object from the ScheduleBuilder.



To move towards this goal at a good pace, the look of the GUI will be placed
as a last concern and emphasis should be placed on the backend of the system.


Firstly, ensure that a repository of classes is available.

Each of these classes should have necessary information tied to them, for starters
the following should be available for EVERY class:

Class Object Example Necessary Information:
    Full Name of Class
    Division (MATH, PHYS, ENGL, CS ...)
    Number (1 - 1000)
    Letter ("" or ABC)
    ID (Combination of Category, Number, and Letter like MATH-103, ENGL-101C)
    Credits (Positive Number)
    CSU/UC-Transferable
    Necessary Prereqs

Class Object Example Supplementary Information:
    Class Description
    Advisories (For Prereqs)
    Hours of Lecture/Lab
    Location
    Professors
    Times
    Cost
    Ways for Students to gain more information on the class


Secondly, provide the ability for the student to choose ANY amount of
classes from the ENTIRE list of classes, organize them semester by semester
and output a schedule of these classes.


Thirdly, implement the restrictions system. Allow the student to choose
what restrictions they would like.

For Restrictions/Settings, simply check for a maximum amount of classes per semester 
(Attempt to determine if the schedule is possible in the given amount of semesters before
the user starts to build the schedule),
minimum amount of summed units, 
Satisfied Select Classes (SAVE FOR LATER)
(dependent on Prerequisites, Major Requirements, General ED Requirements, 
IGETC Requirements) (REQUIRES ADVANCED ALGORITHM, (Accounts for order of classes etc.)).

Implement a Account Authentication Procedure with Database of Schedules made

Implement multiple majors and colleges (The user should be able to choose multiple majors at one time
and have multiple schedules to their name)

Implement a readable database (You should be able to see schedules of people
who have the same major/college combos)

Next, Do the following steps:
1. Implement Supplementary Information for Classes
2. Make a Nice Looking GUI
3. Refine, Refine, Refine
4. Deploy
5. Push to Ohlone Populus